What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
	It creates a .git folder and prepares the folders/files in the master directory to be managed through git

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
	The staging area serves as a "pre-commit" location and allows you to exclude some files from your working directory that may 
	not directly relate to your repository or that you might not be ready to upload yet.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	By comparing diffs of your staging area and working directory or your staging area and repository, you can ensure that you're
	commiting one logical change per commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
	Branches would be useful when adding and developing experimental changes/features/functions, making alternate versions of your
	program, etc. because you can develop those larger changes separately from your main code

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	Diagramming the branch structure makes it very easy to understand the concept of branching and how jumping to different commits
	leads to different code revisions

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	Merging two branches results in all changes made in each branch being combined into a single branch.  It's represented in the
	diagrams by connecting both branches' head node to a new node on whichever branch is being merged into.

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
	Automatic merges allow for large and/or disparate changes to easily be moved between two branches, but can become problematic
	if different branches made changes to the same lines in any given file.  Manual merges will address any conflicts, but can be
	more time-consuming and increases the chance of introducing errors.
